W-21669261 Added link to blog (#399)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/learning-map-agent-fabric.adoc

Apply policies to your agents, brokers, LLMs, and MCP servers to help manage security and control traffic.

- xref:api-manager::create-instance-task-agent-tool.adoc[Add a Flex Gateway Agent or Tool Instance in API Manager]

> - https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/2E2PkqzMnLEjoDhL5YkywT[Watch a Video toLearn About AI Gateway from MuleSoft] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/2E2PkqzMnLEjoDhL5YkywT[Watch a Video to Learn About AI Gateway from MuleSoft] 
```
